!! Global
*.text.justify: left
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
border.Width: 0
padding.width: 15

!! Menu
menu.title.text.justify: center
menu.overlap.x: -20
menu.overlap: 0
menu.border.color: #ffffff
menu.border.width: 10
menu.title.text.justify: center
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.color: #737373
menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.text.color: #737373
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #737373
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:  #b0e3fa
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
menu.separator.padding.height: 10
menu.separator.padding.width: 5

!! Active Windows
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #b0e3fa
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color:  #ffffff

!! Inactive Windows
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #e6e6e6
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color:  #ffffff

