!! Global
*.text.justify: center
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
border.width: 6
padding.width: 10

!! Menu
menu.overlap.x: -20
menu.overlap: 0
menu.border.color: #fefefe
menu.border.width: 10
menu.title.text.justify: center
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #fefefe
menu.title.text.color: #464646
menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #fefefe
menu.items.text.color: #b9b9b9
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #b9b9b9
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:  #fefefe
menu.items.active.text.color: #464646
menu.separator.padding.height: 10
menu.separator.padding.width: 5

!! Active Windows
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #fefefe
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #464646
window.active.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #464646
window.active.border.color: #fefefe

!! Inactive Windows
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #fefefe
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #b9b9b9
window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #707070
window.inactive.border.color: #fefefe
